{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2821
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\froman\fcharset0 Times-Bold;\f1\froman\fcharset0 Times-Roman;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;\red109\green109\blue109;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c0\c0;\cssrgb\c50196\c50196\c50196;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
\outl0\strokewidth0 \strokec2 Swad Ka Arambh\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Mix Pakora Platter\uc0\u8232 Description: Assortment of crispy pakoras including paneer, onion, potato, and spinach fritters, served with tangy chutney and cooling mint raita.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: appetizer, vegetarian, crispy\
Name: Punjabi Samosa\uc0\u8232 Description: Crisp fried Indian snack with a delicious stuffing of potatoes & peas.\u8232 Price: 6\u8232 Tags: appetizer, vegetarian\
Name: Chicken 65\uc0\u8232 Description: Bite size pieces of chicken coated in spicy masala marination.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: appetizer, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Achari Malai Soya Chaap\uc0\u8232 Description: Protein-rich soya chunks with all of the flavors of Punjabi achar (pickle).\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: appetizer, vegetarian\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 China Gate\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Chilli Paneer\uc0\u8232 Description: Crispy paneer chunks tossed in a fiery, flavorful sauce with green chilies, garlic, and soy sauce for a deliciously spicy treat.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Chilli Chicken\uc0\u8232 Description: Tender chicken pieces tossed in a spicy sauce with green chilies, garlic, and soy sauce.\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Chilli Shrimp\uc0\u8232 Description: Succulent shrimp tossed in a spicy sauce with green chilies, garlic, and soy sauce.\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Veg Hakka Noodles\uc0\u8232 Description: Stir-fried noodles with assorted vegetables, seasoned with soy sauce and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, vegetarian\
Name: Chicken Hakka Noodles\uc0\u8232 Description: Stir-fried noodles with chicken and vegetables, seasoned with soy sauce and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, non-vegetarian\
Name: Shrimp Hakka Noodles\uc0\u8232 Description: Stir-fried noodles with shrimp and vegetables, seasoned with soy sauce and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, non-vegetarian\
Name: Veg Fried Rice\uc0\u8232 Description: Fluffy rice stir-fried with an assortment of fresh vegetables, seasoned with soy sauce and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, vegetarian\
Name: Chicken Fried Rice\uc0\u8232 Description: Fluffy rice stir-fried with chicken and vegetables, seasoned with soy sauce and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: indo-chinese, non-vegetarian\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Shorba Ki Dawat\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Mulligatawny\uc0\u8232 Description: Spiced Indian soup with a base of lentils and vegetables, seasoned with a blend of curry spices like cumin, coriander, and turmeric.\u8232 Price: 6\u8232 Tags: soup, spicy\
Name: Tomato Shorba\uc0\u8232 Description: Tangy and flavorful Indian soup made primarily from tomatoes, seasoned with aromatic spices like cumin, ginger, and garlic.\u8232 Price: 6\u8232 Tags: soup, vegetarian, tangy\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Anda Bahar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Boiled Egg Masala\uc0\u8232 Description: Boiled eggs in a spicy and flavorful tomato-based gravy, with Indian spices like cumin, coriander, and turmeric.\u8232 Price: 7\u8232 Tags: egg, main course\
Name: Desi Masala Omelette/Bhurji\uc0\u8232 Description: A hearty Indian omelette/bhurji made with eggs, onions, tomatoes, green chilies, and cilantro, spiced with turmeric, cumin, and chili powder.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: egg, main course, spicy\
Name: Egg Lababdar/Anda Curry\uc0\u8232 Description: An Indian specialty featuring Sunnyside-up eggs or Boiled eggs simmered in a creamy tomato-based gravy with spices like cumin, coriander, and garam masala.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: egg, main course, rich\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Gali Mohalle Se\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Vada Pav\uc0\u8232 Description: A Mumbai street food consisting of a spicy potato fritter sandwiched inside a soft bun, garnished with chutneys and fried green chilies.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Dabeli\uc0\u8232 Description: A tangy potato filling stuffed inside a soft bun, garnished with roasted peanuts and pomegranate seeds.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian, tangy\
Name: Pani Puri\uc0\u8232 Description: Small puri balls filled with spiced chickpeas, black peas, and specially made spiced water.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian\
Name: Sev Puri\uc0\u8232 Description: Puri filled with sweet yogurt and chaat chutneys.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian\
Name: Papdi Chaat\uc0\u8232 Description: Papdi filled with boiled chickpeas, potatoes, spicy and sweet chutneys, curd, and chaat masala.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian\
Name: Pav Bhaji\uc0\u8232 Description: Mumbai Pav Bhaji consists of a spicy mashed vegetable curry made from potatoes, peas, tomatoes, and spices, served with buttered and toasted bread rolls (pav).\u8232 Price: 14\u8232 Tags: street food, vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Bhakhri Pizza\uc0\u8232 Description: A fusion dish from Ahmedabad, a crispy Gujarati flatbread (bhakhri) topped with spicy sauces, vegetables, and cheese.\u8232 Price: 10\u8232 Tags: fusion, vegetarian, cheesy\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Mansaahari Safar\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Butter Chicken\uc0\u8232 Description: Aromatic golden chicken pieces swimming in an incredible curry sauce.\u8232 Price: 18\u8232 Tags: main course, non-vegetarian, creamy\
Name: Chicken Tikka Masala\uc0\u8232 Description: Yogurt-marinated chicken, skewered and chargrilled for barbeque flavors, cooked in a rich spiced tomato curry.\u8232 Price: 20\u8232 Tags: main course, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Vindaloo Chicken/Lamb/Shrimp\uc0\u8232 Description: Delicious, spicy & flavorful Portuguese-Indian dish made by cooking chicken, lamb, or shrimp in a vindaloo spice paste.\u8232 Price: \{ "chicken": 18, "lamb": 22, "shrimp": 22 \}\u8232 Tags: main course, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Chicken/Goat Kadhai\uc0\u8232 Description: Spicy and flavorful dish made with chicken or goat, onions, tomatoes, ginger, garlic, and freshly ground spices.\u8232 Price: \{ "chicken": 18, "goat": 22 \}\u8232 Tags: main course, non-vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Lamb Chop Masala\uc0\u8232 Description: Warming, aromatic, succulent, and flavorful lamb chops coated in a masala paste.\u8232 Price: 26\u8232 Tags: main course, non-vegetarian, rich\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Sabzi Mandi Se\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Aloo Gobi\uc0\u8232 Description: A classic Indian dish made with potatoes and cauliflower, cooked with onions, tomatoes, and spices.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, traditional\
Name: Amritsari Chole\uc0\u8232 Description: Full-flavored preparation of chickpeas with a mix of spicy and tangy flavors.\u8232 Price: 12\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, spicy\
Name: Malai Kofta\uc0\u8232 Description: Fried balls of potato and paneer in a rich, lightly sweet, creamy mild gravy.\u8232 Price: 16\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, rich\
Name: Paneer Manpasand\uc0\u8232 Description: Paneer cooked in a tangy and mildly sweet gravy featuring butter, tomatoes, spices, cashew paste, and cream.\u8232 Price: 17\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, creamy\
Name: Sarson Da Saag/Palak Paneer/Saag Cheese\uc0\u8232 Description: Creamy and rich mustard greens or spinach cooked with spices. Add cheese for extra flavor.\u8232 Price: \{ "sarson_da_saag": 17, "palak_paneer": 20, "saag_cheese": 20 \}\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, traditional\
Name: Dal Tadka/Dal Makhani\uc0\u8232 Description: Yellow lentils tempered with cumin and ghee or black lentils cooked with Indian spices, butter, and cream.\u8232 Price: \{ "dal_tadka": 12, "dal_makhani": 15 \}\u8232 Tags: main course, vegetarian, traditional\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 Tandoor Ke Tukde\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Angarey Paneer / Kakori Kebab\uc0\u8232 Description: Fresh Indian cottage cheese cubes barbequed in a clay oven OR soft, flavorful vegetarian kebab made from a mix of vegetables, paneer, and aromatic spices.\u8232 Price: \{ "paneer": 18, "kebab": 16 \}\u8232 Tags: tandoori, vegetarian\
Name: Tandoori Shrimp/Lamb/Salmon Tikka\uc0\u8232 Description: Shrimp, lamb, or salmon marinated in a spicy tandoori blend and grilled to perfection in a tandoor, served with zesty mint chutney.\u8232 Price: \{ "shrimp": 20, "lamb": 25, "salmon": 20 \}\u8232 Tags: tandoori, non-vegetarian\
Name: Lehsuni Chicken Tikka\uc0\u8232 Description: Small chicken pieces marinated in spices and yogurt before being chargrilled on skewers with garlic.\u8232 Price: 20\u8232 Tags: tandoori, non-vegetarian\
\pard\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
\cf3 \strokec3 \
\pard\pardeftab720\sa298\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \strokec2 De Thali\
\pard\pardeftab720\sa240\partightenfactor0

\f1\b0\fs24 \cf0 Name: Punjabi Thali (Veg)\uc0\u8232 Description: Unlimited thali with one appetizer, two sabzis, one lentil (Dal-Tadka), naan/roti, rice, one sweet, salad, papad, chutneys, pickles, and sweet/salted lassi. Available for dinner (except Tuesdays).\u8232 Price: 25\u8232 Tags: thali, vegetarian\
Name: Punjabi Thali (Non-Veg)\uc0\u8232 Description: Unlimited thali with one appetizer, one goat curry, one chicken curry, one veg subji, Dal-Tadka, naan/roti, rice, one sweet, salad, papad, chutneys, pickles, and sweet/salted lassi. Available for dinner (except Tuesdays).\u8232 Price: 28\u8232 Tags: thali, non-vegetarian\
Name: Rajasthani Thali\uc0\u8232 Description: Unlimited thali with one appetizer, two sabzis, Punchmel Dal, bati, paratha, one sweet, papad, chutneys, pickles, salad, and masala chhas. Available on Thursdays for dinner.\u8232 Price: 25\u8232 Tags: thali, vegetarian\
Name: Kathiyawadi Ras Thaal\uc0\u8232 Description: Unlimited thali with one appetizer, three sabzis, one kathol, khati meethi dal/kadhi, puri, rotli, rotlo, rice/khichdi, one sweet, papad, chutneys, pickles, kachumber/sambharo, and masala chhas. Available Friday-Sunday for dinner.\u8232 Price: 25\u8232 Tags: thali, vegetarian\
}